README.md, before:

# Python Magic Squares THT
A Python script allowing user to enter the size of a square, of which a magic squre will be calculated

# Setup - Installing Python (Linux):
To see which version of Python 3 you have installed, open a command prompt and run

```
$ python3 --version
```

If you are using Ubuntu 16.10 or newer, then you can easily install Python 3.6 with the following commands:

```
$ sudo apt-get update
$ sudo apt-get install python3.6
```

If you’re using another version of Ubuntu (e.g. the latest LTS release) or you want to use a more current Python, we recommend using the deadsnakes PPA to install Python 3.8:

```
$ sudo apt-get install software-properties-common
$ sudo add-apt-repository ppa:deadsnakes/ppa
$ sudo apt-get update
$ sudo apt-get install python3.8
```

At this point, you may have system Python 2.7 available as well.
```
$ python
```
This might launch the Python 2 interpreter.
```
$ python3
```
This will always launch the Python 3 interpreter.


# Setup - Installing Python (Windows):
```
not recommended
```

# Executing script
```
python3 zayne-THT-MagicSquares.py
```

Commit message:

update readme with Windows install notes

README.md, after:

# Python Magic Squares THT
A Python script allowing user to enter the size of a square, of which a magic squre will be calculated

# Setup - Installing Python (Linux):
To see which version of Python 3 you have installed, open a command prompt and run

```
$ python3 --version
```

If you are using Ubuntu 16.10 or newer, then you can easily install Python 3.6 with the following commands:

```
$ sudo apt-get update
$ sudo apt-get install python3.6
```

If you’re using another version of Ubuntu (e.g. the latest LTS release) or you want to use a more current Python, we recommend using the deadsnakes PPA to install Python 3.8:

```
$ sudo apt-get install software-properties-common
$ sudo add-apt-repository ppa:deadsnakes/ppa
$ sudo apt-get update
$ sudo apt-get install python3.8
```

At this point, you may have system Python 2.7 available as well.
```
$ python
```
This might launch the Python 2 interpreter.
```
$ python3
```
This will always launch the Python 3 interpreter.


# Setup - Installing Python (Windows):

1. Open your web browser and navigate to the Downloads for Windows section of the official Python website.
2. Search for Python3
3. Select a link to download either the Windows x86-64 executable installer or Windows x86 executable installer
4. For all recent versions of Python, the recommended installation options include *Pip* and *IDLE*. Older versions might not include such additional features.

# Executing script
```
python3 zayne-THT-MagicSquares.py
```
